[doc] Update field.md (Fields advanced) (#6867)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/basic/field.md

  ```python
  f_1d = ti.field(ti.i32, shape=9)  # A 1D field of length 9
  ```

>   Over here we are defining a

Reviewer: Unfinished sentence?

  There is little difference between a 0D field and a 1D field of length 1 except for their indexing rules. You *must* use `None` as the index to access a 0D field and `0` as the index to access a 1D field of length 1:

    ```python
<<<<<<< HEAD

=======

> >>>>>>> da7bac2b5be484ec2648fe058e191497f5803384

Reviewer 2: A conflict here?

tensor_field = ti.Matrix.field(n=3, m=2, dtype=ti.f32, shape=(300, 400, 500))
```

### Accessing Elements in a Matrix Field

Accessing a matrix field is similar to accessing a vector field: You use an index operator `[]` for field indexing and a second index operator `[]` for matrix indexing.

> - To access the `ith, jth` element of the matrix field `tensor_field`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To access the `i-th, j-th` element of the matrix field `tensor_field`:
```
